Okay? Husband and wife are submissive and helping each other today.
I think you yourself make sense.
So be it.
Help me exchange this discount at the door.
This toy meat.
Thank you for your hard work, wife.
Aina, don't you look here.
Is it you again?
Maybe I went to the bathroom or Gao Hai's living room.
Very good. You just want people to take advantage of you.
Yes. Grandma, do you want this incense?
You are right. yes
From now on, my hometown will be Chixiang
I'll keep them all for you.
What a good girl
Then after we join the threat
You have this pool town
Just threaten to notify me. Okay, come on, I'll spare you.
Grandma’s cell phone is out of battery
You should add grandma first. It’s better to add it.
When grandma went back, she strengthened her through hahaha
Why are you here, grandma?
Your finger buckle